5
5
Class
Data Type
Loops
Conditions
Miscellaneous
They are defined so that other classes can extend them and make them concrete by implementing the abstract methods.
What is abstract class ?
A method that has no implementation.
What is abstract method?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to define a collection of method definitions and constant values.
What is interface?
In the Java(TM) programming language, a type that defines the implementation of a particular kind of object.
What is class?
A method that is invoked without reference to a particular object.
What is class method?
A collection of data items, all of the same type, in which each item's position is uniquely designated by an integer.
What is array?
Explicit conversion from one data type to another.
What is casting?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword. You define an entity once and cannot change it or derive from it later.
What does final do?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to specify an undefined value for reference variables
What is null
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to create an instance of a class.
What is new?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to declare a loop that reiterates statements. The programmer can specify the statements to be executed, exit conditions, and initialization variables.
What is for loop?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to declare a loop that will iterate a block of statements. The loop`s exit condition can be specified with the "while" keyword.
What is do while loop?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to declare a loop that iterates a block of statements. The loop`s exit condition is specified as part of the while statement.
What is while loop?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to resume program execution at the end of the current loop.
What is continue?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to resume program execution at the statement immediately following the current statement. If followed by a label, the program resumes execution at the labeled statement.
What is break?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to conduct a conditional test and execute a block of statements if the test evaluates to true.
What is if statement?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to execute a block of statements in the case that the test condition with the "if" keyword evaluates to false.
What is else statement?
Refers to an expression or variable that can have only a true or false value.
What is boolean?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to evaluate a variable that can later be matched with a value specified by the "case" keyword in order to execute a group of statements.
What is switch?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword that defines a group of statements to begin executing if a value specified matches the value defined by a preceding "switch" keyword.
What is case?
In a program, explanatory text that is ignored by the compiler.
What is comment?
A pseudo-method that creates an object.
What is constructor?
A Java(TM) programming language keyword used to access members of a class inherited by the class in which it appears.
What is super?
Using one identifier to refer to multiple items in the same scope.
What is overloading?
Java ARchive. A file format used for aggregating many files into one.
Wht is .jar file?
